The calculator has the following keys: 0..9, ., +, -, *, /, ±, =, C, CE and 1-operand keys: 1/x, x2
sqrt. 
In any situation the calculator has to produce a correct result defined by the well known
arithmetic rules.
 If the calculations is impossible the calculator has to display information helping
the user to resolve the erroneous situation,
 like:
On encountering a division by 0 the display should read "Cannot divide by 0" and typing the
key “C” should reset the calculator.
 On calculating the square root value of a negative operand the display should read "Wrong
operand".
On erroneous operand or operation keys the display should read “Reset (C) to continue” or
“Clear (CE) to continue” as appropriate.
Of course, any situation can be cleared using the main reset key “C”.

SWOT Analysis
Strength
The ultimate strength of  Calculators is its innovative and user-friendly products.

Weakness
calculator has a strong brand image for manufacturing calculators, but at the same time, this brand image works as a stereotype for them.

Opportunity
orThe tech-based market has a huge opportunities in capturing the youth market. And calculator is comparatively already one step ahead than other companies. Because since the beginning of childhood, we got introduced to Calculalor as a helping partner in mathematics.

Threats
 slower growth in technological innovation will also bring a significant threat in the upcoming dynamic world.

 4W's and 1'H
Why:
The main concept of building this project is to can solve a problem using one strategy , and check their answers using a different strategy. Calculators help kids solve more problems in less time. Calculators allow students to work more quickly, which means they can solve more problems in a given time.

What:
This project is all about the to do correct calculations, and to do so efficiently

Where:
This project is to be implemented on various stores as such the electronic store so that the billing system can be managed efficiently.

When:
This project is going to be deployed on 25/11/2021.

How:
This project is going to be based on It is clear that a calculator should relieve the user of the need to do mental operations and of the need to rely on paper, so far as possible.

